All of the below commands are intended to be executed on the remote VM as deployed via the `deploy_vm.sh` script.
1. **Starting the cluster**. Execute `./manage_cluster.sh start -k 10 -w 10 -g 5` in the `manage_cluster` subfolder. The script will create and setup a cluster of several virtual machines.
2. **Checking the status** of the cluster by executing `./manage_cluster.sh status` in the `manage_cluster` subfolder. If all the status indicators show a green `[OK]`, carry on with the next step.
3. **Executing the experiment.** Make sure to use a terminal multiplexer (like `tmux`) in case your connection is interrupted. You may find a very short introduction of the minimum set of commands you need to use `tmux` at the end of the readme. Execute `./run_figure_10_experiment.sh` from within the `experiment_script` subfolder.
4. **Retrieve the results.** The script will generate the plot at `multi-tenancy/experiment_script/traces_multi_tenant_XXXX/multi_tenant_plot.pdf`.
5. **Tear down the cluster**. Please make sure to execute `./manage_cluster.sh stop` in the `manage_cluster` subfolder to tear down the cluster.

*How to use `tmux`*: Execute `tmux` in the current directory. Then whatever command you want to execute in the background (i.e. `./run_figure_6a_experiment.sh`). You may now close this window by actually closing the terminal itself, **do not use `Ctrl+C` / `Ctrl+D`**. If at a later point you would like to check in on the experiment, ssh into your machine and execute `tmux attach -t 0` (tmux supports multiple of those "background sessions", so if you have multiple open sessions, you may be looking for an integer larger than `0`). In general you may want to interact with `tmux` using [keyboard shortcuts](https://gist.github.com/MohamedAlaa/2961058).
